feat: improve docs for newcomers (#1005)
nodejs/api-docs-tooling: www/pages/getting-started.md

Reviewer: I like what you did overall, but this does create more clicking to go from nothing to render, since we rely on other pages to fill content and get to simple serving

non-blocking.

# Getting started

First, install doc-kit and a generator, like so:

```bash
npm install --save-dev @nodejs/doc-kit @nodejs/doc-kit-generator-react
```

Then, create your configuration file set up for your project:

```js displayName="doc-kit.config.mjs"
/** @type {import('@nodejs/doc-kit/utils/configuration/types').Configuration} */
export default {
  target: ['html'],

  global: {
    input: ['docs/**/*.md'],
    output: 'out',
  },
};
```

> `doc-kit generate` readsthat configuration; every option can also be passed as a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`doc-kit generate` reads that configuration; every option can also be passed as a
```
